HoHgood01

So, you are the keeper? I see... Har has line of his army guarding in here, 
in Brumtal. Let's see, if you can defeat them. They will have no idea what is 
waiting for them... yet...(laughing...)

HoHbad01

Har's dungeon defeated first time. You have to go to deeper, to seek some more.

HoHgood02

Spearwhirl Tantrum... Your quick operate is needed here, Keeper! Edit it out, and be fast...

HoHbad02

You have captured enemy dungeon. Thanks to your functional work, you are able to hunt Har down. But the
journey is long... How far you can reach?

HoHgood03

Rage of Time... Your problem now is that Har have done a very nasty move. You need to act even better 
than last time. Don't get exploded!

HoHbad03

You managed to survive...(laughing...). Nicely done, Keeper! Though that was not even hard. You'll see!

HoHgood04

Smintal... As you make progress, the progress without some gold is impossible in these circumstances.
Get some valuable gold and watch out greedy enemy keepers...

HoHbad04

Excellent! Your gold will be handy against Har. But remember... Har has enough gold to resist your
progress itself. Have to be more tactical...

HoHgood05

Gulpz-tseppanstansippemcehabahitors... Three enemy keepers are on fighting each other for gold. Har
has a dungeon in here as well, strongly guarded, strongly lying on the spot. An extra gold would not be
bad, as if you are wise, you know how to be tactical. Feel free to use your style...  ...(laughing), by 
the way, after your show in there, change that name of the place to something... something else, 
something less hard to pronounce!

HoHbad05

How did it feel, Keeper? Your style of your keeper mechanics in dungeon was functional. Hunt Har down!

HoHgood06

Entryway... This is the place, where Har keeps his entryway to Olavi's Castle. Destroy him! Oh and Keeper
, You will have a surprise!

HoHbad06

What happened? You thought this is only walk on a park? Or did I overestimate you?

HoHgood07

You have to stand up and get it back, or lose your evil hope and get to the bed to cry yourself in your
dreams...A Quiet Chance... In oblivion!

HoHbad07

That's the way, aha, aha, I like it, aha, Keeper! What? I tried to praise you up, because you have to
get back on your dungeon business... Any good thoughts about me, Keeper? That's the way, aha, aha, I like
it, aha, aha. That's the way, aha, aha, I like it, ahaokay I stop. Let's see what is coming next!

HoHgood08

Delight... Absolutely true about that, as your powers are disappearing, Keeper... No? (laughing...)

HoHbad08

Delight... I told you it is true about that, and still you are not believing...

HoHgood09

Silverrock... Now I understand why you are not believing me, Keeper. But I tell you this, if you now
success, this might be a critical hit sent to Har... You have powers, but limited in gold!

HoHbad09

Har's butt have been hurt, but only on this time. Go and check on elsewhere, where you can repeat your
success!

HoHgood10

Nürtown. Here Har has another entrance. But not only that... Now you have to be strong... 

HoHbad10

You did repeat your success, Keeper! Har is out of options... if the only option is that he can't defeat
you. 

HoHgood11

The Dark Descent... That's what comes first in my mind when I see in here Har's one of many outposts... 
and you are going to need it. Your powers are... well you have no powers, but you have knowledge! Use it 
wisely!

HoHbad11

Good, now you know to use power effectively, even if it's only small. Time to increase your powers,
Keeper! 

HoHgood12

Morkland... Winter, Water, War, No walls... Do you like it? I don't, because Har is also here and he has
a powerful ally! Defeat him!

HoHbad12

Do you feel it? Do you feel it, Keeper? Har is nearly ragequitting. If this would be a game, he would
ragequit... What?

HoHgood13

Olavi's Outpost is on target this time, Keeper! Har is angry, and things looks interesting here. Go and
make yourself worthy on my eyes...(laughing...) ....................What is Monster Berserker?

HoHbad13

That one was not a piece of cake, Keeper... And will not ever be... Unless you make it!

HoHgood14

Back to Silverrock... As you enter to the deeper of this area, you should start to feel some fear. Har
has again some support! Have you found all the secrets yet what this world offers?

HoHbad14

As I told... It will never be piece of cake, unless you make it... except did you made it? Har let you
to operate easily this time...

HoHgood15

Silverrock's Rumble... As deeper you go, the more questions will occur... Find out some more!

HoHbad15

That was Har's cheap trick. But your skills managed to edit it out and operate functionally. Your victim
haven't talk out yet, but he will... I am sure about it!

HoHgood16

Welcome to the Walls and Borderlands... Things look interesting here, and your victim have told his name,
Deodolf Von Hitten... He will tell you more, if you please him correctly... Time to increase your powers!

HoHbad16

I can tell you a joke: What is common between Har and Von Hitten? They are gone (laughing...) ...almost.
Oh, I have another joke: What is common between Har and Matti? Nothing anymore (laughing...) ...That's 
the way aha, aha, I like it, aha, aha. That's the thing aha, aha, what I'm joking, aha, aha.

HoHgood17


Magic Backups... That's the keyword in here, where you are going to face Har again! Har has an ally in
here. Stupidity test is started!

HoHbad17

Expertly done, Keeper! Your experience is increasing. Maybe now you are ready for real problem...What?
You think the problem is that Har is ragequitting? (laughing...)

HoHgood18

Destination Forward... Your problem is revealed when you enter to this area... No, Har is not
ragequitting, (laughing...) Allies... and known ones!

HoHbad18

Master... You did excellent job! Not everyone can pull out that much of skill... Har is going in 
oblivion... But there is still one task to do!

HoHgood19

Olavi's Castle... This is the area where Har controls everything from here... I do not need to repeat
your task in here...

HoHbad19

It's not over yet...

HoHgood20

...as you need to defend this castle one more time! Har have set up powers in two separate places...
...And your skill is needed in both areas... Defend!

HoHbad20

Olavi's Castle is yours, Master... (laughing...)


HoHgood21

They Hide in Brumtal, Keeper! Defeat Har for once and for all!

HoHbad21

I hope you did enjoy as much as I did enjoy for looking your progress, Master... You have conquered this
land! ( laughing... )

HoHgood22

How did it feel to have some playing with Tower Defence? Nice work!

HoHgood23

How did it feel to have some playing with Boulders? Nice work!

HoHgood24

How did it feel to have some playing with Dragons? Nice work!

HoHgood25

How did it feel to have some playing with Creatures? Nice work!




